Make tags look better / spelling fix (#162)
PrismLauncher/bot: tags/pluralkit.md

On Discord, some systems may use [PluralKit](https://pluralkit.me/) to make their message appear with the correct profile, resulting in a `[BOT]` tag.

For more information about plurality, we recommend [More Than One](https://morethanone.info/) for a useful overview.

> **Note: We do NOT tolerate the use of PluralKit for RP.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: We do NOT tolerate the use of PluralKit for role playing.**
```
